Update README for System Design and Architecture Resources (#7779)
kamranahmedse/developer-roadmap: src/data/roadmaps/engineering-manager/content/system-design-and-architecture@iX4HPgoiEbc_gze1A01n4.md

> # System Design and Architecture
> 
> System design and architecture are critical for building robust software systems. For engineering managers, it involves not only technical expertise but also leadership in decision-making, project management, and cross-team collaboration. This page provides resources and roadmaps to help you navigate the complexities of system design and architecture.
> 
> ## Key Resources
> 
> Here are some essential resources to guide your journey:
> 
> - **[System Design Roadmap](https://roadmap.sh/system-design)**: A comprehensive guide to designing large-scale systems. This roadmap covers key concepts like scalability, reliability, and performance.
> - **[Software Architect Roadmap](https://roadmap.sh/software-architect)**: A step-by-step guide to becoming a software architect in 2024. It focuses on architectural patterns, decision-making, and best practices.

Reviewer: Please follow the contribution guidelines

```suggestion
# System Design and Architecture

System design and architecture are critical for building robust software systems. For engineering managers, it involves not only technical expertise but also leadership in decision-making, project management, and cross-team collaboration. This page provides resources and roadmaps to help you navigate the complexities of system design and architecture.

Visit the following resources to learn more:

- [@article@System Design Roadmap](https://roadmap.sh/system-design)
- [@article@Software Architect Roadmap](https://roadmap.sh/software-architect)
```

# System Design and Architecture

> System design and architecture are critical for building robust software systems. For engineering managers, it involves not only technical expertise but also leadership in decision-making, project management, and cross-team collaboration. This page provides resources and roadmaps to help you navigate the complexities of system design and architecture.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
System design and architecture are critical for building robust software systems. For engineering managers, it involves not only technical expertise but also leadership in decision-making, project management, and cross-team collaboration.
```
